---
date: 2022-05-06
title: Update `#`7 for Fierro
categories:
  - Update
author_staff_member: Marco
---

This past month has been mixed with outside work and work on Fierro. I was on contract with a company called Fission. They are a pioneer of what are called UCANs (User Controlled Authorization Networks). The idea behind those are that they are User Controlled (as the name implies) data stores whose use case is to share only specified and authorized data with third parties. There I worked on a redirect library in Go that adheres to Netlify format for the IPFS protocol! 

Additionally, I helped with automating the ipfs documentation, by creating a script that finds and replaces version numbers in the docs pages to the latest version imported from the GitHub API. You can see that [public contribution here](https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs-docs/pull/1130). 

Regarding Fierro, I finally got the testing framework implemented. I experimented with Table-Testing in Go. I think its a powerful feature I will take advantage of soon enough. You can see those [changes here](https://github.com/Fierro-Labs/Fierro/blob/Testing/src/keys_test.go). Along with those changes, I rearranged the repo to round up all relevant files. I refactored code to assist with testing better. And I reinforced endpoints that handle uploading files such as the keys. More needs to be done in this front, but that will come later. 

# Next week 

I plan on creating more mvp demo videos to show how the current state of the project. Then I will rework the landing page to be simpler/minimalist and documentation focussed. I'm not the best frontend designer, but I will base it off some good websites. Any suggestions welcomed! Finally I will create a front end for the API specifically. This will be great for showcasing how a user would take advantage of the product as opposed to a developer. More things on the agenda include refactoring code, reinforcing endpoints, and increasing codecoverage. We are currently sitting at about 26% now! 

As always, I am looking for contributors. You can find me in the IPFS discord (legendofmar#3868), Twitter (legendofmar), or here on github! Come chat on the IPFS [Community Forum](https://github.com/ipfs/community/discussions/701)!